+++
title = 'Accessibility'
draft = true
+++

Accessibility is everyone’s responsibility. Start early in your team’s planning process with accessibility in mind, to avoid time consuming and expensive reworks later.

We’re here to create products where nobody has to have a confusing, unpleasant, or exclusionary experience. We’re regularly iterating on this design system to give you access to more accessibility features by default, whenever you use our components, foundations, guidelines, or tooling.

Everyone will experience a disability at some point in their lives. Whether that’s living with a permanent disability, a temporary injury, or a situational impairment (for example, working in a bright and noisy environment).

Thanks to assistive technology, the web has made the world more accessible to people with disabilities. But the world still has a long way to go before everyone gets an equal experience when they use the internet – and that’s where you come in.


## Contrast ratio
* Body text, floating and floated labels, and all sizes of text on: mweb and native mobile experiences must pass 4.5 to 1  
* Body text (about 13-14 pixels, or min 10 pt).
* Make sure hover/focus color changes also meet min color contrast 4.5 to 1.
* For desktop web only, such as banner headlines on the website, must meet 3:1 contrast minimum or greater. 
* Non-text elements: input field borders for keyboard focus, and error state changes must meet 3:1 contrast minimum.  
* Color Contrast checking tools

## Icons
* Unique shapes are used to convey meaning.
* Doesn't use only color to convey meaning. Check designs in grayscale.
* Provide alternative text for functional images with no visible text equivalent.

## Actions with images
* Images (photos, icons, glyphs) enhance the experience for people who can see.
* Use images and text together, space permitting.
* If both an image and link text is provided, the image is considered decorative and does not need equivalent alternative text.
* Decorative non-functional images do not need equivalent alternative text.

## Make links obvious
* Link text is meaningful and descriptive.
* Passes color contrast ratio 4.5 to 1, text on a background.
* Link text is distinguishable from body copy. Use bold text for links in sentences, paragraphs.
* For desktop experiences: always underline link text and button text on keyboard focus, and mouse hover.

## Interactions
* All buttons, links, form elements and dynamic features can be navigated and used with only a keyboard.
* (desktop) Keyboard: must provide visible keyboard focus indicator, do not use color alone.
* Manage focus: page to page, page to task and back.